Update Admin UI SDK documentation for 1.4.0 release (#160)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/admin-ui-sdk/troubleshooting.md

   [Configure the Commerce Admin Integration with Adobe ID](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/docs/commerce-admin/start/admin/ims/adobe-ims-config.html#) provides additional information about setting up Adobe Identity Management Service (IMS) on Adobe Commerce.

* **The application is published in a different organization.** Run the following command from the Adobe Commerce command line to check the organization ID used to enable the `Magento_AdminAdobeIms` module.

   `bin/magento admin:adobe-ims:info`

   The response will contain the needed info.

>    ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```terminal
```

   Client ID:
   Organization ID:
   Client Secret configured
   ```

*  **The app is not correctly published in App Builder.** Go to the App project in the developer console and check that the Production workspace has a status of Published. If this is not the case, [request an approval to publish](./publish.md) and test again once the application in Approved.

> *  **The latest changes are not correctly deployed and published.** Make sure to deploy the latest changes using `aio app deploy` in the correct `org/project/workspace`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **The latest changes are not correctly deployed and published.** Make sure you deploy the latest changes using  the `aio app deploy` command in the correct `org/project/workspace`.
```
